Hello, do you want to know about cleaning service?
Long time no see.
You actually pretended to be a customer and lied to me
Early morning light, can you stop pestering me?
I will pretend
As long as you sign this contract
It's the adults of your company
Don't have to
The company is not short of you
You can leave now.
But I'd like to see it
Who dares to risk offending my project
Collaborate with the company
What do you want?
Destroyed a newly disabled small company
Not single
Why are you doing this to me?
Don't you forget.
You lied to me first
Any revenge I want is yours, don't be silent
Okay.
As long as you help me do one thing
How long will Mr. Yan wait?
I said I'd be the maid
I haven't said I want to do this yet
Food is good
Then prepare a few more dishes
And this big one.
Our blind date came to the house for dinner
Are you going to give him a like?